It let's talk about how to advertise on this network and reach over one point to four billion potential
users.
I'm talking about Moe hub.
Have you ever heard of the moat pub marketplace.
It reaches over one billion devices for iOS and Android and handles over $130 billion ad requests every
month across both platforms.
It's one of the largest mobile ad exchanges in the world today.
Most pub puts you in touch with thousands of advertisers in an auction setting.
You can view ads that are being run through the platform to assure a superior quality user experience.
So start earning revenue with the world's largest mobile ad exchange mobile app advertising is getting
more tougher by the day.
Twitter also released mobile app ads as well to help add to the volume of options you have out there
today.
Guess what.
Building your app is only half the job.
It's the successful promoting which is the important part of the formula to getting downloads and driving
social engagement.
Advertisers can now run their ad campaigns at the same time to more than 240 million active users on
Twitter and to more than one billion mobile user devices off Twitter on most pub to one interface and
you can find that it adds that Twitter dotcom you can expect a high return on your investment.
So be sure to check the recommended links below and I'll see you in the next lecture.